Good girl
I didn't expect you to be a cash cow. It feels so good to ask for money on both sides.
Don't worry.
After Dad gets the money, he won't disturb your life again, hahahahaooops.
The boss brought me the most expensive pack of cigarettes today
Get me some more bottles of the best Baijiu.
Do you have money after closing the door?
He is afraid that the account you mentioned before has not been paid.
I will be rich soon, and then your little broken pad will be
I bought a few hahaha
Did you win the lottery?
There are so many more winners than there are in the lottery.
Hurry up, take it, take it, take it
Big brother, hurry up and eat it. This is what my mother secretly stuffed for me.
We are half each
Wang Wenmei, I heard you bad guy say you want to sell us all
Tongtong, you run first
I take care of you, I don't want to be separated from the big brother, I don't want the big brother